Add Paradox Launcher (#719)
SteamDatabase/FileDetectionRuleSets: descriptions/Launcher.Paradox_Launcher.md

> **Paradox Launcher** is the launcher bundled with [Paradox Interactive's](https://steamdb.info/publisher/Paradox+Interactive/) games.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Paradox Launcher** is the launcher bundled with [Paradox Interactive's](https://www.paradoxinteractive.com/our-games/discover) games.
```
let's link to their website instead
